hello everyone welcome to my first build
video so this isn't my build it's a
build I made for my mother because her
old computer was kind of dying and
crapping out and I figured I'd build her
a new one and this is a corsair carbide
200 r that i built it in it didn't come
with this CD drive thing in the front I
had to rip that off of her old computer
just so I could install windows 7 but
it's fine and then well I could open it
up right here it's really easy actually
compared to her old case just unscrew
these things and it comes out and if you
look right here this is it's all dirty
down at the bottom that's just dried up
paint paint splash it's not going
anywhere so that's the inside right here
it's into the mainly just gonna be like
a web browsing family home computer I
didn't want to go overboard on it I got
an average kind of setup so she has a I
three thirty or yeah 32 20 gta6 48
gigabytes of kingston ram here's the CD
drive thing one terabyte Western Digital
hard drive and hard drive from her old
computer which is like 320 gigabytes so
she has all of her files on it she
didn't want to eat she didn't want to
lose it so the case came with this front
intake and exhaust fan but then I went
it went ahead and strapped a fan down
here I originally had this one though
I originally had this one that's like a
$5 cheap fan that I bought it made a
loud weari wearing sound and it was
pretty annoying so I got rid of it but I
put a Corsair Fanning and this one works
perfectly and it's quiet and I like it
because is it the case is like yes it's
pretty silent once you put it all
together also as for the other power
supplies just a 400 watt non-modular PSU
because I don't want to spend the extra
money going for a modular one since most
of the cables use can be tucked back
there anyway and since the case there's
another side panel look hurt no not that
there's no second all since it doesn't
have a window it's just kind of this it
didn't really matter how the insides
look as long as it's functional so yeah
all the cables are kind of going
everywhere but it works except for this
cable right here there's some stretches
across the CPU fan
and I'm scared that one day it's going
to drop into the little fan blades and
stop the CPUs fan fan from spinning so
I'm gonna have to like tape it down or
something cuz it's like it's like
stretched across there oh also as for
the motherboard it's a z77 gigabyte
board I don't know the actual name
though cuz the name always escapes me uh
yeah that's basically I didn't do
anything crazy like water cooling or
anything like that since she's gonna
basically just be using it for uh just
random programs on her computer and web
browsing things like that so there's no
need to go overboard and I had a around
a five six hundred dollar budget so I
worked with what I could I went a little
bit over though since we took high
Windows 7 for her I originally was going
to pirate it but she didn't want it
pirated so I I have these two extra
keyboards that I gave her but it works
though I just want to show you guys it
works I could open up YouTube or Google
go on to YouTube like that it's
connected to the interwebs so it works
it's it's moderately fast I like it
so yeah you can see that it works I'm
really proud of this building I didn't
think once I put it all together since
it is my first build I spent I'd say
quite a quite a while over the summer
learning how learning all the parts of
computers and getting really interested
in in them and then well I didn't really
think it would work the first time I put
it together cuz I put all the parts in I
did everything I read all the manuals
things like that and I pressed the
button turned on and I was I was really
happy I didn't think it would but it did
and huzzah array and I've lifted it up
on these little stands so they bought
the bottom fan could get more air and
it's not yeah it's not wobbly in the
slightest so it's not gonna be falling
off but yeah I hope you guys enjoyed
watching this build video oh wait I
should before I leave I'm gonna turn it
around so you could see the back cable
management the little that I did so I'll
show you guys
okay so as for the back disregarding
these cables because these kind of just
went around my cable management could be
better but still it doesn't really
matter since no one's looking inside the
case at all it's so there's like this
random 4 pin connector speaking through
and yeah I didn't do all too much in
terms of cable management it doesn't
really matter for this build
maybe if I were to build another one I
would I would do a little bit more but
still airflow airflow is pretty good I
haven't had any overheating problems
since I put it up even though this is
rumors the room she has it in is really
really hot well still alright well
that's the end of this video guys I hope
you enjoyed anything about the about
this build so yeah see you guys later